Add listOfCodec example (#2182)
graphile/crystal: grafast/website/grafast/step-library/dataplan-pg/registry/codecs.md

- `identifier` - the database name for this type

### Example

> For example, in this hypothetical E-commerce scenario, `listOfCodec` is used
> in combination with the `$pgSelect.placeholder` method to return a SQL
> expression that allows the transformed list of `$order_ids` to be referenced
> inside the step for selecting the associated order items.
> 
> ```ts
> const $orders = orders.find({
>   customer_id: context().get("customerId"),
> });
> 
> const $order_ids = applyTransforms(each($orders, ($order) => $order.get("id")));
> 
> const $order_items = order_items.find();
> 
> $order_items.where(
>   sql`${$order_items}.order_id = ANY (${$order_items.placeholder(
>     $order_ids,
>     listOfCodec(TYPES.uuid),
>   )})`,
> );
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
For example, in this hypothetical E-commerce scenario, `listOfCodec` is used
in combination with the `$pgSelect.placeholder()` method to return a SQL
expression that allows the transformed list of `$orderIds` to be referenced
inside the step for selecting the associated order items.

```ts
const $orders = orders.find({
  customer_id: context().get("customerId"),
});

const $orderIds = applyTransforms(each($orders, ($order) => $order.get("id")));

const $orderItems = registry.pgResources.order_items.find();

$orderItems.where(
  sql`${$orderItems}.order_id = ANY (${$orderItems.placeholder(
    $orderIds,
    listOfCodec(TYPES.uuid),
  )})`,
);
```
````
